Welcome to the homework challenge for this part of the course on daughter Prep.
And that's right.
It's not homework just for this section it's homework for the whole part of the course which will require
you to apply a lot of the skills that you learned in this whole part.
OK so let me show you where to find the homework.
If you go to superdog Assad's dot com slash training and you scroll down and you go to part three to
prep over here you will find Section 7 homework challenge vehicle service dock and homework data set
me a culture izip.
So these two files they are quite large so the doc file is normal is quite small but the vehicle service
file is actually huge.
It's twenty three megabytes.
And when you unzip it it's even bigger it's a serious view which is sixty point seven megabytes so massive
data set for you this time.
And while you're downloading that let me explain what the background is for this whole project.
So you're doing some analysis for a company which services vehicles in a lot of locations it's a huge
company with millions of customers and it does a service for them across lots of different countries
.
And what they're doing this time is they do some forecasts for 2016.
So I'm going to open up the file but I'm not going to walk you through it.
I'm just going to open up so that we can see the headers.
So we know what's in the data.
So here you have customer I.D. the idea of the customer.
How long.
When he became a customer since when he's a customer since what year what vehicle he services he or
she services what the revenue was for 2014 for that customer or for the company from that customer.
What the revenue was for 2015 and what they expected the projected revenue for 2016 is or what it will
be in 2016.
So they basically use two years to create a model and extrapolate on to 2016.
So you could upload all this data and I won't say anything more.
It's up to you to look through that file and understand everything that's going on in there.
So it's up to you to upload the data on and you have this file of the challenge with some additional
information.
So let's open that up and we can talk about this in a bit more detail.
So the vehicle service challenge what do we know the customer ideal the customer ID field does not contain
duplicate records which that's that's information given to you by the person who supplied this data
.
They're saying that the data set is structured in a way that we don't keep a custom duplicate customer
ID fields or roles.
There is no duplicates in this field.
It's a guarantee from them and that's just like that's intrinsic knowledge.
That's an example of some domain or intrinsic knowledge that you might have about the business as you
know the exact structure of his dataset so you can you can assume that you know this or that's that's
how it's supposed to be.
That's a hint there for you.
That's how it's supposed to be.
And you know obviously that's something you've got to you've got to look into it anyway.
So there are five errors in this data.
Find them.
So I pro-Shia hectic data set it is going to be hectic in the sense that there's only five errors.
It's so it's not like one of the ones we saw Preuss where there's heaps and heaps of errors and you're
just you just finding like tons all the time here is only five.
And you you'd be you know in advance.
There's only five.
You've got to find them.
And it's it's like looking for a needle in a haystack.
That's that's all it's going to be hectic.
That's why there's going to you guys have to be very alert and creative to find these errors.
Then once you find them you have to suggest explanations how each of the errors could have occurred
and what you think the best way to fix each one of them is so that you don't only need to just locate
the errors and send them back.
You actually have to based on what we've discussed in the course you have to think of ways how could
those errors come to be what you know what happened that caused that error.
So that's that's good practice of the knowledge that you've developed.
And also it's a good good way to understand data and understand what the things that can happen to data
.
And finally and this is important part.
You know that the total projected revenue for 2016 equals this value.
So this is an example of when you're actually supplied a quality assurance check that you have to conduct
.
You need the uploader daughter to match this value.
And this means that every role is important.
So a bit more on that.
Basically what they're saying is that the last call them the 2016 expected values which they calculated
they know exactly what the total of their projection is.
And it's that now rose you know there might be errors and might be you know anomalies in the data and
so on but this this role that they populate they are 100 percent certain that the value the exact sound
should be this and if it's not that then you have to run to them and say Hey guys you're actually mistaking
it as a problem but you have to triple quadruple check everything before you say that that's not correct
because when they say that the file that they supplied They've double triple check that this is the
correct value in the file.
Then maybe it is the case and when you upload the data you have to get that value.
So basically when you upload the data if you don't see the sum equaling that then you've done something
wrong and you have to redo it and look for errors.
So aim to get that and this this bit is important.
This is a specific type of dozens of projects when every road is important when you're looking at soms
you're not looking at averages and you're not looking at statistical behavioral patterns and things
like that when you're looking at the actual sum.
And for instance when you have an accounting book or balance sheet or income statement or things like
projected revenue statements like this one when the actual But you upload has to match dollar for dollar
cent for cent even to what you've been supplied or to what is recorded in other systems that is when
you have to be super hyperreal or because if you make one mistake even if one of the rows has a problem
and that it will match and you can continue if the project because what you're reporting in your project
and in your analysis is going to be different towards reported in analysis conducted through other systems
of the company.
And so going to match up auditors and are going to be happy executives and are going to be happy.
You might not pass some industry quality standards or you know some customers might not get paid some
customers might not get their receivables or incomes or tax receipts or whatever it can happen.
So this is a specific type of project where you have to be very extremely very alert.
So there we go.
Good luck with that is going to be quite a challenge.
And otherwise I look forward to seeing you on the other parts of this course until next time happy analyzing